README.md, before:

# SAPUI5 DemoApp

This is a demo application built with SAPUI5, showcasing a simple UI5-based to-do list with CRUD functionality.

## Project Setup

### Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure that you have the following installed on your machine:

- **Node.js** (LTS version is recommended) - [Download Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)
- **npm** (Node Package Manager) - This comes bundled with Node.js.

### Clone the Repository

1. Clone the repository to your local machine using the following command:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/mbilalhussain15/SAPUI5-DemoApp.git
   cd SAPUI5-DemoApp
   ```
### Install Dependencies
2. Once you're inside the project directory, run the following command to install the necessary dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
### Run the Application
3. After the dependencies are installed, you can start the application with the following command:
   ```bash
   npm start
   ```
This will launch the app, and you can view it in your browser at http://localhost:8080.

![Capture01](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/55011d50-bd17-4e4e-aed4-ea93b449bf30)

Commit message:

Update README.md with live URL and installation instructions

README.md, after:

# SAPUI5 DemoApp

This is a demo application built with SAPUI5, showcasing a simple UI5-based to-do list with CRUD functionality.

## Live URL

You can view the live version of the app here: https://mbilalhussain15.github.io/SAPUI5-DemoApp/

## Project Setup

### Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure that you have the following installed on your machine:

- **Node.js** (LTS version is recommended) - [Download Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)
- **npm** (Node Package Manager) - This comes bundled with Node.js.

### Clone the Repository

1. Clone the repository to your local machine using the following command:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/mbilalhussain15/SAPUI5-DemoApp.git
   cd SAPUI5-DemoApp
   ```

### Install Dependencies

2. Once you're inside the project directory, run the following command to install the necessary dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

### Install Grunt CLI Globally

2. Install Grunt CLI globally by running the following command:
   ```bash
   npm install -g grunt-cli
   ```

### Run the Application

3. After the dependencies are installed, you can start the application with the following command:
   ```bash
   grunt serve
   ```
   This will launch the app, and you can view it in your browser at http://localhost:8080.

![Capture01](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/55011d50-bd17-4e4e-aed4-ea93b449bf30)
